Hello
What Lin Xi bar?
You go slowly
There's another guy.
OK, got it.
Lin Xi
If so
Blame him
Sir?
Lin Xi has been going out more and more frequently recently.
There's nothing unhealthy about it.
Otherwise, why do you keep running out?
Next time he's going out again
You follow him
See what the hell he's doing
And he's been out longer and longer.
It doesn't look a little weak
We seem to have let our guard down a bit recently
Then I will
That's not necessary
You look after him
If there is any situation, please feel free to report to me.
It's useful for me to keep him
You dare to do it without authorization
Be careful at your own risk
Mr. is distressed.
Sir, don't look at me like that
Only I do things wholeheartedly to Mr.
Of course I hope sir
Don't chill my heart
Why do I think you said that?
Are you threatening me?
How dare I threaten sir?
And I know, sir
Outside.
What else?